[Music]
you know I'm not just the host of Conan
I'm also the spiritual leader for over
3,000 Conan staff members it's come to
my attention that someone on staff is
very close to me had something valuable
going missing possibly even stolen it's
my job to solve this mystery as quickly
as possible
let's go
it's chicken Sonam obsessing you're my
assistant are you not how long have you
worked for me okay quick question did
you send this email out to the entire
staff I know this is a complete abuse of
hey everybody but if you stole my
gigolos mug I'm gonna find you and
destroy you do something lot to talk
about first of all what's a gigolo smug
gigolo this is a show on Showtime that
it follows gigolos and Las Vegas real
gigolos yes real jiggle eyes and then my
friend Megan gave me the mug as a gift
and it says gigolos on one side and on
the other it says working stiff it's
good like a joke yes so what's the joke
like like a click it's a stiff like the
working stiff
you let the occasional drink yes that is
completely completely as possible you
had a little drinky Winkie and maybe
misplaced it
I had a drinky like this morning got a
drinky Winkie no like yesterday late in
the day maybe do you ever drink at work
what's this can you drink out of this
that's fine so you drink out of that
what is that a cool logo of something
it's an astronaut with a boombox okay
you're in charge of my life right
Lyndsey are you aware of it sona's
gigolos mug is missing yes who do you
have any theories about what happened to
the monk people just take all the
time
just do stuff you pack stuff stolen yeah
what's been stolen of yours well tell me
I'm concerned I'm not just the host of
the show I'm also us I made a mark to
prove if someone was stealing my food
[Applause]
downtime you've downtime and you take a
but this is what detectives in the 20s
did
sona's missing a mug that promotes a
show with male pornography I want to
find it because I'm not just a host I'm
also sort of the spiritual leader for
our staff of doesn't like 4,000 how many
people believe on staff its 185 I think
okay I think I think was crew I mean no
no I think that said when people asked
if I was in the thousands we can go back
then no you just say look I need to
thank me I use anything missing of yours
isn't any guns missing what not a long
time but um a few years ago someone
stole my really nice headphones right
off my desk
I'll pay for it how much you know
seriously how much were they worth give
just community just give me a ballpark
figure and I'll pay for it how much like
$500 and that's way too much I didn't
know there's gonna be like $40 no I
don't have that kind of money you tell
us your name my name is John please
excuse me
Kramer how dare you I'm trying to
conduct an investigation here
you see you have some fried chicken of
course is that Kentucky Fried Chicken it
is I think it's the best chicken there
is get some money now Lindsey says that
alcohol was taken from her desk you keep
alcohol on your desk no I should though
probably no why should you make the day
more fun hey could you take her
alcoholic no because I'm Irish no I
didn't take her alcohol I I'm not a big
drinker how's the chicken by the way
it's pretty good I love Kentucky Fried
Chicken finest chicken made Carl's dead
what the hell was that money McConnell's
dead but you're as wrong as every other
stab did you take it I did not you rely
I'm not alive you took them up did not
take them took the mic why would I take
the month why did you take them up did
not do it okay tell me you did it and I
won't fire you didn't do it okay all
right so you gonna stick to your story
I'm gonna stick to my story
you did it you took it that did not work
so what did you want a jiggle a plug for
free perfect your stuff it down your
pants would you save me baby kind of
place is this I'm a spiritual leader of
over 10,000 staff members here
and it explains a lot about this place
okay this is great we just kind of
cracking the case
we believe that staff member named RJ RJ
may have the mug where's our J work what
building is that building 44 this is the
most I've walked in Los Angeles in three
years it's gonna be fine
RJ let's go good to see you
we are looking for a mug a gigolos mug
yeah I think it's ready
why do you have this mug an intern
brought it over this is incredible so
you're clearly innocent this isn't your
fault an intern brought it to you
correct and now it's my job to see that
an unpaid intern is fires RJ thank you
let's hug it out let's get in here let's
just hold each other for a while
[Music]
my eyes are closed
ah come on nice RJ he said an intern
brought it over how would an intern why
would an intern take a mug off your desk
it's in the cabinet in the kitchen wait
you left this in the cabinet in the
kitchen and you're wondering why it was
missing yeah you made it sound like it
was stolen off your desk no no that took
what how many you hungry that tank
I never turned the mug I spent an hour
of my day finding it and it took how
long to get a thank you what a timer on
that and just show it at the bottom
right now yeah that's how long it took
the frankerz go a long way you're
welcome
that's why I don't think thank you to
you ever is cuz that's what you do you
see thank you you're like oh sorry thank
you what an exciting moment in life
incredible incredible yeah thinking this
I actually work on the show
we were sat with alcoholics and screw-up